#1
You are standing at the end of a road before a small brick building.
Around you is a forest.  A small stream flows out of the building and
down a gully.
#2
You have walked up a hill, still in the forest.  The road slopes back
down the other side of the hill.  There is a building in the distance.
#3
You are inside a building, a well house for a large spring.  Off
to one side is a small pantry.
#4
You are in a valley in the forest beside a stream tumbling along a
rocky bed.
#5
You are in open forest, with a deep valley to one side.  Not far
is a large billboard.
#6
You are in open forest near both a valley and a road.
#7
At your feet all the water of the stream splashes into a 2-inch slit
in the rock.  Downstream the stream bed is bare rock.
#8
You are in a 20-foot depression floored with bare dirt.  Set into the
dirt is a strong steel grate mounted in concrete.  A dry stream bed
leads into the depression.
#9
You are in a small chamber beneath a 3x3 steel grate to the surface.
A low crawl over cobbles leads inward to the west.
#10
You are crawling over cobbles in a low passage.  There is a dim light
at the east end of the passage.
#11
You are in a debris room filled with stuff washed in from the surface.
A low wide passage with cobbles becomes plugged with mud and debris
here, but an awkward canyon leads upward and west.  A note on the wall
says "Magic Word XYZZY".
#12
You are in an awkward sloping east/west canyon.
#13
You are in a splendid chamber thirty feet high.  The walls are frozen
rivers of orange stone.  An awkward canyon and a good passage exit
from east and west sides of the chamber.
#14
At your feet is a small pit breathing traces of white mist.  An east
passage ends here except for a small crack leading on.
#15
You are at one end of a vast hall stretching forward out of sight to
the west.  There are openings to either side.  Nearby, a wide stone
staircase leads downward.  The hall is filled with wisps of white mist
swaying to and fro almost as if alive.  A cold wind blows up the
staircase.  There is a passage at the top of a dome behind you.
#16
The crack is far too small for you to follow.
#17
You are on the east bank of a fissure slicing clear across the hall.
The mist is quite thick here, and the fissure is too wide to jump.
#18
This is a low room with a crude note on the wall.  The note says,
"You won't get it up the steps".
#19
You are in the Hall of the Mountain King, with passages off in all
directions.
#20
You are at the bottom of the pit with a broken neck.
#21
You didn't make it.
#22
The dome is unclimbable.
#23
You are at the west end of the Twopit Room.  There is a large hole in
the wall above the pit at this end of the room.
#24
You are at the bottom of the eastern pit in the Twopit Room.  There is
a small pool of oil in one corner of the pit.
#25
You are at the bottom of the western pit in the Twopit Room.  There is
a large hole in the wall about 25 feet above you.
#26
You clamber up the plant and scurry through the hole at the top.
#27
You are on the west side of the fissure in the Hall of Mists.
#28
You are in a low N/S passage at a hole in the floor.  The hole goes
down to an E/W passage.
#29
You are in the South Side Chamber.
#30
You are in the West Side Chamber of the Hall of the Mountain King.
A passage continues west and up here.
#31
<$$<
#32
You can't get by the snake.
#33
You are in a large room, with a passage to the south, a passage to the
west, and a wall of broken rock to the east.  There is a large "Y2" on
a rock in the room's center.
#34
You are in a jumble of rock, with cracks everywhere.
#35
You're at a low window overlooking a huge pit, which extends up out of
sight.  A floor is indistinctly visible over 50 feet below.  Traces of
white mist cover the floor of the pit, becoming thicker to the right.
Marks in the dust around the window would seem to indicate that
someone has been here recently.  Directly across the pit from you and
25 feet away there is a similar window looking into a lighted room.  A
shadowy figure can be seen there peering back at you.
#36
You are in a dirty broken passage.  To the east is a crawl.  To the
west is a large passage.  Above you is a hole to another passage.
#37
You are on the brink of a small clean climbable pit.  A crawl leads
west.
#38
You are in the bottom of a small pit with a little stream, which
enters and exits through tiny slits.
#39
You are in a large room full of dusty rocks.  There is a big hole in
the floor.  There are cracks everywhere, and a passage leading east.
#40
You have crawled through a very low wide passage parallel to and north
of the Hall of Mists.
#41
You are at the west end of Hall of Mists.  A low wide crawl continues
west and another goes north.  To the south is a little passage 6 feet
off the floor.
#42
You are in a maze of twisty little passages, all alike.
#43
You are in a maze of twisty little passages, all alike.
#44
You are in a maze of twisty little passages, all alike.
#45
You are in a maze of twisty little passages, all alike.
#46
Dead end.
#47
Dead end.
#48
Dead end.
#49
You are in a maze of twisty little passages, all alike.
#50
You are in a maze of twisty little passages, all alike.
#51
You are in a maze of twisty little passages, all alike.
#52
You are in a maze of twisty little passages, all alike.
#53
You are in a maze of twisty little passages, all alike.
#54
Dead end.
#55
You are in a maze of twisty little passages, all alike.
#56
Dead end.
#57
You are on the brink of a thirty foot pit with a massive orange column
down one wall.  You could climb down here but you could not get back
up.  The maze continues at this level.
#58
Dead end.
#59
You have crawled through a very low wide passage parallel to and north
of the Hall of Mists.
#60
You are at the east end of a very long hall apparently without side
chambers.  In the south wall are several wide cracks and a high
hole, but the hole is far above your head.  To the east a wide
crawl slants up.  To the north a round two foot hole slants down.
#61
You are at the west end of a very long featureless hall.  The hall
joins up with a narrow north/south passage.
#62
You are at a crossover of a high N/S passage and a low E/W one.
#63
Dead end.
#64
You are at a complex junction.  A low hands and knees passage from the
north joins a higher crawl from the east to make a walking passage
going west.  There is also a large room above.  The air is damp here.
#65
You are in Bedquilt, a long east/west passage with holes everywhere.
To explore at random select north, south, up, or down.
#66
You are in a room whose walls resemble swiss cheese.  Obvious passages
go west, east, NE, and NW.  Part of the room is occupied by a large
bedrock block.
#67
You are at the east end of the Twopit Room.  The floor here is
littered with thin rock slabs, which make it easy to descend the pits.
There is a path here bypassing the pits to connect passages from east
and west.  There are holes all over, but the only big one is on the
wall directly over the west pit where you can't get to it.
#68
You are in a large low circular chamber whose floor is an immense slab
fallen from the ceiling (Slab Room).  East and west there once were
large passages, but they are now filled with boulders.  Low small
passages go north and south, and the south one quickly bends west
around the boulders.
#69
You are in a secret N/S canyon above a large room.
#70
You are in a secret N/S canyon above a sizable passage.
#71
You are in a secret canyon at a junction of three canyons, bearing
north, south, and SE.  The north one is as tall as the other two
combined.
#72
You are in a large low room.  Crawls lead north, NE, and SW.
#73
Dead end crawl.
#74
You are in a secret canyon which here runs E/W.  It crosses over a
very tight canyon 15 feet below.  If you go down you may not be able
to get back up.
#75
You are at a wide place in a very tight N/S canyon.
#76
The canyon here becomes too tight to go further south.
#77
You are in a tall E/W canyon.  A low tight crawl goes 3 feet north and
seems to open up.
#78
The canyon runs into a mass of boulders -- dead end.
#79
The stream flows out through a pair of 1 foot diameter sewer pipes.
It would be advisable to use the exit.
#80
You are in a maze of twisty little passages, all alike.
#81
Dead end.
#82
Dead end.
#83
You are in a maze of twisty little passages, all alike.
#84
You are in a maze of twisty little passages, all alike.
#85
Dead end.
#86
Dead end.
#87
You are in a maze of twisty little passages, all alike.
#88
You are in a long, narrow corridor stretching out of sight to the
west.  At the eastern end is a hole through which you can see a
profusion of leaves.
#89
There is nothing here to climb.  Use "up" or "out" to leave the pit.
#90
You have climbed up the plant and out of the pit.
#91
You are at the top of a steep incline above a large room.  You could
climb down here, but you would not be able to climb up.  There is a
passage leading back to the north.
#92
You are in the Giant Room.  The ceiling here is too high up for your
lamp to show it.  Cavernous passages lead east, north, and south.  On
the west wall is scrawled the inscription, "FEE FIE FOE FOO" [sic].
#93
The passage here is blocked by a recent cave-in.
#94
You are at one end of an immense north/south passage.
#95
You are in a magnificent cavern with a rushing stream, which cascades
over a sparkling waterfall into a roaring whirlpool which disappears
through a hole in the floor.  Passages exit to the south and west.
#96
You are in the Soft Room.  The walls are covered with heavy curtains,
the floor with a thick pile carpet.  Moss covers the ceiling.
#97
This is the Oriental Room.  Ancient oriental cave drawings cover the
walls.  A gently sloping passage leads upward to the north, another
passage leads SE, and a hands and knees crawl leads east.
#98
You are following a wide path around the outer edge of a large cavern.
Far below, through a heavy white mist, strange splashing noises can be
heard.  The mist rises up through a fissure in the ceiling.  The path
hugs the cavern's rim to the NE and south, while another branch forks
west.  A round chute with extremely smooth walls angles sharply up
to the southwest.
#99
You are in an alcove.  A small NW path seems to widen after a short
distance.  An extremely tight tunnel leads east.  It looks like a very
tight squeeze.  An eerie light can be seen at the other end.
#100
You're in a small chamber lit by an eerie green light.  An extremely
narrow tunnel exits to the west, and a dark corridor leads NE.
#101
You're in the Dark-Room.  A corridor leading south is the only exit.
#102
You are in an arched hall.  A coral passage once continued up and east
from here, but is now blocked by debris.  The air smells of sea water.
#103
You're in a large room carved out of sedimentary rock.  The floor and
walls are littered with bits of shells imbedded in the stone.  A
shallow passage proceeds downward, and a somewhat steeper one leads
up.  A low hands and knees passage enters from the south.
#104
You are in a long sloping corridor with ragged sharp walls.
#105
You are in a cul-de-sac about eight feet across.
#106
You are in an anteroom leading to a large passage to the east.  Small
passages go west and up.  The remnants of recent digging are evident.
A sign in midair here says "Cave under construction beyond this point.
Proceed at own risk.  [Witt Construction Company]".
#107
You are in a maze of twisty little passages, all different.
#108
You are at Witt's End.  Passages lead off in *ALL* directions.
#109
You are in a north/south canyon about 25 feet across.  The floor is
covered by white mist seeping in from the north.  The walls extend
upward for well over 100 feet.  Suspended from some unseen point far
above you, an enormous two-sided mirror is hanging parallel to and
midway between the canyon walls.  (The mirror is obviously provided
for the use of the dwarves, who as you know, are extremely vain.)  A
small window can be seen in either wall, some fifty feet up.
#110
You're at a low window overlooking a huge pit, which extends up out of
sight.  A floor is indistinctly visible over 50 feet below.  Traces of
white mist cover the floor of the pit, becoming thicker to the left.
Marks in the dust around the window would seem to indicate that
someone has been here recently.  Directly across the pit from you and
25 feet away there is a similar window looking into a lighted room.  A
shadowy figure can be seen there peering back at you.
#111
A large stalactite extends from the roof and almost reaches the floor
below.  You could climb down it, and jump from it to the floor, but
having done so you would be unable to reach it to climb back up.
#112
You are in a little maze of twisting passages, all different.
#113
You are at the edge of a large underground reservoir.  An opaque cloud
of white mist fills the room and rises rapidly upward.  The lake is
fed by a stream, which tumbles out of a hole in the wall about 10 feet
overhead and splashes noisily into the water somewhere within the
mist.  The indistinct shape of the opposite shore can be dimly seen
through the mist.  The only passage goes back toward the south.
#114
Dead end.
#115
You are at the northeast end of an immense room, even larger than the
Giant Room.  It appears to be a repository for the "ADVENTURE"
program.  Massive torches far overhead bathe the room with smoky
yellow light.  Scattered about you can be seen a pile of bottles (all
of them empty), a nursery of young beanstalks murmuring quietly, a bed
of oysters, a bundle of black rods with rusty stars on their ends, and
a collection of brass lanterns.  Off to one side a great many dwarves
are sleeping on the floor, snoring loudly.  A sign nearby reads: "Do
not disturb the dwarves!"  An immense mirror is hanging against one
wall, and stretches to the other end of the room, where various other
sundry objects can be glimpsed dimly in the distance.  An unoccupied
telephone booth stands against the north wall.
#116
You are at the southwest end of the repository.  To one side is a pit
full of fierce green snakes.  On the other side is a row of small
wicker cages, each of which contains a little sulking bird.  In one
corner is a bundle of black rods with rusty marks on their ends.  A
large number of velvet pillows are scattered about on the floor. 
Beside one of the pillows is a large, dusty, leather-bound volume
with the title "History of Adventure" embossed in pure gold.
A vast mirror stretches off to the northeast, almost reaching the
phone booth.  At your feet is a large steel grate, next to which is
a sign which reads, "Treasure Vault. Keys in Main Office."
#117
You are on one side of a large, deep chasm.  A heavy white mist rising
up from below obscures all view of the far side.  A SW path leads away
from the chasm into a winding corridor.
#118
You are in a long winding corridor sloping out of sight in both
directions.
#119
You are in a secret canyon which exits to the north and east.
#120
You are in a secret canyon which exits to the north and east.
#121
You are in a secret canyon which exits to the north and east.
#122
You are on the northeast side of a deep chasm.  A NE path leads away
from the chasm on this side.
#123
You're in a long east/west corridor.  A faint rumbling noise can be
heard in the distance.
#124
The path forks here.  The left fork leads northeast.  A dull rumbling
seems to get louder in that direction.  The right fork leads southeast
down a gentle slope.  The main corridor enters from the west.
#125
The walls are quite warm here.  From the north can be heard a steady
roar, so loud that the entire cave seems to be trembling.  Another
passage leads south, and a low crawl goes east.
#126
You are on the edge of a breathtaking view.  Far below you is an
active volcano, from which great gouts of molten lava come surging
out, cascading back down into the depths.  The glowing rock fills the
farthest reaches of the cavern with a blood-red glare, giving every-
thing an eerie, macabre appearance.  The air is filled with flickering
sparks of ash and a heavy smell of brimstone.  The walls are hot to
the touch, and the thundering of the volcano drowns out all other
sounds.  Embedded in the jagged roof far overhead are myriad twisted
formations composed of pure white alabaster, which scatter the murky
light into sinister apparitions upon the walls.  To one side is a deep
gorge, filled with a bizarre chaos of tortured rock which seems to
have been crafted by the devil himself.  An immense river of fire
crashes out from the depths of the volcano, burns its way through the
gorge, and plummets into a bottomless pit far off to your left.  To
the right, an immense geyser of blistering steam erupts continuously
from a barren island in the center of a sulfurous lake, which bubbles
ominously.  The far right wall is aflame with an incandescence of its
own, which lends an additional infernal splendor to the already
hellish scene.  A dark, foreboding passage exits to the south.
#127
You are in a small chamber filled with large boulders.  The walls are
very warm, causing the air in the room to be almost stifling from the
heat.  The only exit is a crawl heading west, through which is coming
a low rumbling.
#128
You are walking along a gently sloping north/south passage lined with
oddly shaped limestone formations.
#129
You are standing at the entrance to a large, barren room.  A sign
posted above the entrance reads:  "Caution!  Bear in room!"
#130
You are inside a barren room.  The center of the room is completely
empty except for some dust.  Marks in the dust lead away toward the
far end of the room.  The only exit is the way you came in.
#131
You are in a maze of twisting little passages, all different.
#132
You are in a little maze of twisty passages, all different.
#133
You are in a twisting maze of little passages, all different.
#134
You are in a twisting little maze of passages, all different.
#135
You are in a twisty little maze of passages, all different.
#136
You are in a twisty maze of little passages, all different.
#137
You are in a little twisty maze of passages, all different.
#138
You are in a maze of little twisting passages, all different.
#139
You are in a maze of little twisty passages, all different.
#140
Dead end.
#141
You are on a narrow promontory at the foot of a waterfall, which
spurts from an overhead hole in the rock wall and splashes into a
large reservoir, sending up clouds of mist and spray.
Through the thick white mist looms a polished marble slab, to
which is affixed an enormous rusty iron anvil.  In golden letters
are written the words: "Whoso Pulleth Out This Sword of This
Stone and Anvil, is Right wise King-Born of All This Mountain."
There is a narrow chimney on the east side of the promontory.
#142
You are on a narrow shelf above and east of the top of a very steep
chimney.  A long smooth granite slide curves down out of sight
to the east.  If you go down the slide, you may not be able to
climb back up.
#143
You are in the private chamber of the Mountain King.  Hewn into the
solid rock of the east wall of the chamber is an intricately-wrought
throne of elvish design.  There is an exit to the west.
#144
You are on the east side of the throne room.  On the arm of the throne
has been hung a sign which reads "Gone for the day: visiting
sick snake. --M.K."
#145
You are dragged down, down, into the depths of the whirlpool.
Just as you can no longer hold your breath, you are shot out over
a waterfall into the shallow end of a large reservoir.  Gasping
and sputtering, you crawl weakly towards the shore....
#146
You are in dense forest, with a hill to one side.  The trees appear
to thin out towards the north and east.
#147
You are at the high point of a wide grassy knoll, partially surrounded
by dense forest.  The land rises to the south and east, and drops off
sharply to the north and west.  The air smells of sea water.
#148
You are at the edge of a trackless salt marsh.  Tall reeds obscure
the view.
#149
You're in salt marsh.
#150
You're in salty marsh.
#151
You are in salt marsh.
#152
Dead end.
#153
You're on a sandy beach at the edge of the open sea.  The beach
ends a short distance south and the land rises to a point. To
the north, the beach ends cliffs and broken rocks.
#154
You are at a jumble of large broken rocks.  A gentle path leads up
to the top of the nearby cliffs.  A narrow treacherous path
disappears among the rocks at the foot of the cliff.
#155
You are on a high cliff overlooking the sea.  Far below the
rolling breakers smash into a jumble of large broken rocks.
The thunder of the surf is deafening.
#156
You're at the bottom of the cliff, smashed to smithereens by the
pounding surf.
#157
You are at Thunder Hole, a funnel shaped cavern opening onto the sea.
The noise of the surf pounding against the outer rocks of the cave is
amplified by the peculiar shape of the cave, causing a thunder-like
booming sound to reverberate throughout the cave.  Outside, a narrow
path leads south towards some large rocks.
#158
You are at the top of some arched steps.  On one side is a blank wall
with a tiny door at the base and a shelf overhead.  On the other side
a westward passage leads to the sea.
#159
You are in a low cramped chamber at the back of a small cave.
There is a shelf in the rock wall at about the height of your
shoulder.
#160
You are on a wide ledge, bounded on one side by a rock wall,
and on the other by a sheer cliff.  The only way past is through
a large wrought-iron door.
#161
You feel dizzy...Everything around you is spinning, expanding,
growing larger....  Dear me!  Is the cave bigger or are you smaller?
#162
You are again overcome by a sickening vertigo, but this time
everything around you is shrinking...Shrinking...
#163
You are again overcome by a sickening vertigo, but this time
everything is shrinking... I mean, you are growing.  This is
terribly confusing!
#164
You feel dizzy...Everything around you is spinning, expanding,
growing larger....
#165
You're at the bottom of the cliff with a broken neck.
#166
You are at the western tip of the Blue Grotto.  A large lake almost
covers the cavern floor, except for where you are standing.  Small
holes high in the rock wall to the east admit a dim light.  The
reflection of the light from the water suffuses the cavern with
a hazy bluish glow.
#167
You are on the shore of an underground sea.  A high wooden
structure of vast proportions extends out into the water to the
east.  The way west is through a wrought-iron door.
#168
You are on the eastern shore of the Blue Grotto.  An ascending
tunnel disappears into the darkness to the SE.
#169
You are at a high rock on the NE side of a watery chamber at the mouth
of a small brook.  An unknown gas bubbles up through the water from
the chamber floor.  A bluish light can be seen to the southwest.
#170
You are in a windy tunnel between two large rooms.
#171
You are in the Bat Cave.  The walls and ceiling are covered with
sleeping bats.  The floor is buried by a mass of dry, foul-smelling
guano.  The stench is overpowering.  Exits to the NW and east.
#172
You are in a very tight N/S crack.  The passage seems to widen to
the south.
#173
You are in a very tight N/S crack.  The passage south is blocked
by a recent cave-in.
#174
You're in the Cloakroom.  This is where the dreaded Wumpus repairs
to sleep off heavy meals.  (Adventurers are his favorite dinner!)
Two very narrow passages exit NW and NE.
#175
You're in a room containing several small climbable pits.  Passages
exit to the east and north.
#176
You are at the bottom of a small featureless pit.
#177
You are at a high hole in a rock wall.
#178
The NE passage is blocked by a recent cave-in.
#179
You are in a sloping muddy defile, next to a tumbling brook.
#180
You are in a level E/W passage partially blocked by an overhanging
tongue of rock.  A steep scramble would take you up over the tongue,
whence continues an upward crawl.
#181
The dog won't let you pass.
#182
You're in the Upper Passage, a long level E/W tunnel.
#183
You are in a star-shaped chamber.  Passages exit north, east, south,
and west.
#184
You are at an elbow in a winding E/W passage.
#185
Dead end.
#186
You're at the intersection of two long tunnels.  One goes NW,
the other NE.
#187
You're in a long narrow east-west passage which curves out of sight
at both ends.
#188
You're in the Rotunda.  Corridors radiate in all directions.
There is a telephone booth standing against the north wall.
#189
You are standing in a telephone booth at the side of a large chamber.
Hung on the wall is a banged-up pay telephone of ancient design.
#190
You're at the Devil's Chair, a large crystallization shaped like a
seat, at the edge of a black abyss.  You can't see the bottom.
An upward path leads away from the abyss.
#191
You're in a dead-end crack.
#192
You're on a small gravel beach at the south wall of the Blue Grotto.
A gravelly path leads east.
#193
You are in the Flower Room.  The walls are covered with colorful,
intricate, flowerlike patterns of crystallized gypsum. A hole leads
to the west.
#194
You are at the end of a short E/W corridor.
#195
You are looking west from the end of a short E/W corridor.  At your
feet is a pile of loose rubble.  On your left is a hole into another
chamber.
#196
You are in an arched hall.  The remnants of a now-plugged coral
passage lie to the east.  The north wall has partially crumbled,
exposing a large connecting hole to another room.
#197
You're in the Vestibule, a short east-west passage between two rooms.
#198
You are in the Fairy Grotto.  All around you innumerable stalactites,
arranged in immense colonnades, form elegant arches.  On every side
you hear the dripping of water, like the footsteps of a thousand
fairies.  A small stream runs from the SW corner.  A bright glow
emanates from the south side of the grotto, and a steep passage
descends to the east.
#199
You have approached the lower end of a steep passage, but it is
just too cold here to hang around, and you aren't properly equipped
to continue.  With teeth chattering, you climb back up....
#200
You are in the Crystal Palace.  An overhead vein of phosphorescent
quartz casts a luminous glow which is reflected by countless chips of
mica embedded in both walls, which consist of some sort of highly
reflective glass, apparently of volcanic origin.  A winding path
of yellow sandstone leads west and rises steeply to the east.
#201
You are following a yellow sandstone path.  There is a glow
to the west.
#202
You are in a very tall chamber whose walls are comprised of many
different rock strata.  Layers of red and yellow sandstone
intertwine with bright bands of calcareous limestone in a rainbow-
like profusion of color.  The rainbow effect is so real, you
are almost tempted to look for a pot of gold!  Poised far over
your head, a gigantic slab, wedged tightly between the north and
south walls, forms a natural bridge across the roof of the chamber.
A trail leads east and west.
#203
You're in a steeply sloping passage.  It is very cold here.
#204
You are in the Hall of Ice, in the deepest part of the caverns.
During winter, frigid outside air settles here, making this room
extremely cold all year round.  The walls and ceilings are covered
with a thick coating of ice.  An upward passage exits to the west.
#205
You are standing on a natural bridge far above the floor of a circular
chamber whose walls are a rainbow of multicolored rock.  The bridge
was formed eons ago by a huge slab which fell from the ceiling and
is now jammed between the north and south walls of the chamber.
#206
You are in a low, wide room below another chamber.  A small green
pond fills the center of the room.  The lake is apparently spring
fed.  A small stream exits through a narrow passage to the north.
A larger passage continues west.
#207
You are in a tight north/south crawl through a stratum of red
colored rock.  The air is damp with mist.
#208
You are in a tall canyon on the south side of a swift, wide river.
Written in the mud in crude letters are the words: "You Have Found
Lost River."  A wide path leads east and west along the bank.  A tight
crawl way would take you south out of the canyon.
#209
You are standing on a large flat rock table at the western end of
Lost River Canyon.  Beneath your feet, the river disappears amidst
foam and spray into a large sinkhole.  A gentle path leads east
along the river's south shore.  Another leads sharply upward along
the river's north side.
#210
You are at a niche in the canyon wall, far above a raging river.
The air is filled with mist and spray, making it difficult to see
ahead.  A downward sloping ledge narrows to the east. The path
to the west is easier.
#211
The ledge is growing very narrow and treacherous, and falls off almost
vertically.  You could go down, but you won't be able to climb back.
#212
You are standing in a telephone booth at the side of the Repository.
#213
You're at the east end of a level passage at a hole in the floor.
#214
You're at the north edge of a dark cove.
#215
You are in a dry granite basin, worn smooth eons ago by water
swirling down from a now-dry spillway.
#216
You're in a dry spillway east of and above a smooth rock basin.
#217
You are in the Winery, a cool dark room which extends some
distance off to the east.
#218
You are to the east of the Winery, where the room ends in a thicket
of high, sharp, pointed, climbable limestone pinnacles.  There is a
narrow ledge just above the top of the spires.  If you go up, it
might be difficult to get back down.
#219
You are in a high-vaulted cavern whose roof rises over fifty
meters to culminate in a series of pointed arches directly over
your head.  There are also two low arches to either side, forming
side portals.  The whole effect is that of a gothic cathedral.
You can proceed north, south, east, or west.
#220
You're at the east portal of the Gothic Cathedral. The path leads
east and west.
#221
You're at the west portal of the Gothic Cathedral.
#222
You are at the foot of the Altar, an immense, broad stalagmite.
An opening leads south.
#223
You're on top of an enormous, broad stalagmite.  There is a hole
in the ceiling overhead.
#224
You are in a room the size and shape of a small crypt.  A narrow
cut exits east.  There is a hole in the floor.
#225
You are in the Gothic Chapel, a small chamber adjoining the Gothic
Cathedral. A path leads west.
#226
You are on the floor of the Rainbow Room.  In fact, you are spread
*ALL OVER* the floor of the Rainbow Room.
#227
You are in a dimly lit passage behind Thunder Hole.  Etched into
the rock wall are the ominous words:
*       "You are approaching the River Styx.      *
*        Laciate Ogni Speranza Voi Ch'Entrate."   *
#228
You are at the River Styx, a narrow little stream cutting directly
across the passageway.  The edge of the stream is littered with sticks
and other debris washed in by a recent rainfall.  On the far side
of the river, the passage continues east.
#229
You're on the east side of the river's sticks.
#230
You are on a ledge at the northern end of a long N/S crawl.  The
ledge is above a large number of sharp vertical limestone spires.
An attempt to climb down could be dangerous, if you get my *point*!
#231
You are very neatly skewered on the point of a sharp rock.
#232
You have poled your boat across the calm water.
#233
You have poled your boat across the dark water.
#234
You have poled your boat across the Blue Grotto.
#235
You're at Dante's Rest, on the north side of a yawning dark chasm.
A passage continues west along the chasm's edge.
#236
You are at the east end of a river bank path in Lost River Canyon.
#237
The staircase is now unclimbable.
#238
You're in the caretaker's pantry.
#239
You are on a small rise overlooking a beautiful bay. In the center
of the bay is the castle of the elves.
#240
You are on the highest pinnacle of the castle in the bay.
Steps lead down into the garden.
#241
You are in the outer courtyard of the garden of the elves.
Steps lead up to the tower, and to the west, separating you
from the inner courtyard, is a maze of hedges, living things,
but almost crystalline in their multicolored splendor.
#242
From the inside the maze looks like a kaleidoscope, with
swatches of color dancing as you move. In this part the colors
are produced by shining red berries on the branches.
#243
You are surrounded by a tall hedge with sharp iridescent leaves
and metallic orange flowers.
#244
You are in the center of the living maze. The plants here are
dormant this season, but still carry brilliant yellow leaves.
#245
Unlike the other areas of the hedge system, this area seems to 
have no metallic gleam; nevertheless it is still breathtaking.
The trees and bushes are all variegated shades of green, the
evergreens being a rich dark shade while the seasonal bushes
are a lighter yellowish green, making a startling contrast.
#246
You are near the edge of the maze. You sample the blueberries
on the bushes. They are delicious.
#247
You are at the western end of the living maze. Beside the
shrubs forming the walls are tastefully planted beds of
violets and brilliant purple pansies.
To the west is the inner garden.
#248
You are in the inner garden of the elves. In the center is
a living tree, with shimmering silvery bark, glistening metallic
green leaves, and flowers ripe with nectar. As the nectar falls
to the ground it forms droplets of silver. Around the tree is
a hedge of briars which cannot be crossed. Unfortunately for
adventurers such as you, most of the nectar falls inside the hedge.
The exit is to the east.
